1. ^^^ What will happen at line 12 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: The line will log 3 into the console. This is because 'i' is of type 'var' which means that it will keep its value after its block. By nature of the for loop with 'i' as the iterator, by the end of the loop, 'i' will hold prices.length.
2. ^^^ What will happen at line 13 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Soltuion: The console will log 150. This is because the last assignment of discountedPrice would have been prices[2] * (1-discount) which is equivalent to 300*(1-0.5). These mean that the last assignment of discountedPrice equals 150, and since it is of the type 'var' it will hold this value beyond the scope of its block and will be logged into the console.
3. ^^^ What will happen at line 14 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Soltution: The console will log 150. This is because the last value assigned to final price in the for loop was Math.round(discountedPrice *100)/100 which is equivalent Math.round(150 *100)/100 because we know that discountedPrice's last value was 150 from the previous problem. This simplifies to finalPrice = 150, which represent the the price 300 with a discount of 0.5.
4. ^^^ What will this function return? Give a brief explanation why. If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: The function will return the array [50, 100, 150]. This is because it uses a for loop to populate a new array with the discounted prices of the original array.
5. ^^^ What will happen at line 12 and why?  If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ (assume this function is being called like the others: discountPrices([100, 200, 300], 0.5)). Solution: Line 12 will cause an error since 'i' is of the type let, it cannot be accessed outside the block in which it is defined, thus it cannot be accessed from line 12
6. ^^^ What will happen at line 13 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: This will similarly cause an error, since discountedPrice is of the type 'let', and it is defined on line 9, inside a for loop block, it cannot be accessed from line 13, outside that block.
7. ^^^ What will happen at line 14 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: The console will log 150. This is because finalPrice is defined only within the function block and no other blocks, therefore, even though it is of the type 'let' it can be accessed anywhere in the function, thus it will return the value that it was last assigned (on line 8).
8. ^^^ What will this function return? Give a brief explanation. If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: It returns the array [50,100,150]. This is because the variables 'let discountedPrice' and 'let finalPrice' are assigned and mainpulated in the same block where they are created. Furthermore, 'let discounted' is populated (using finalPrice and discountedPrice) in the same block where it is created. So, since no scope rules are being violated by the algorithm, the expected discounted array will be returned.
9. ^^^ What will happen at line 11 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: An error is returned because i is of the type 'let' and cannot be accessed from line 11.
10. ^^^ What will happen at line 12 and why? If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: The value 3 will be logged into the console, since that is the value that the 'const' vaariable was assigned to in line 4.
11. ^^^ What will this function return? Give a brief explanation. If the code causes an error, explain why. ^^^ Solution: [50, 100, 150]. This is because discountedPrice will still hold the accurate discounted price even without rounded the answer.

